we're here we're live at Union Square
Park we're about to talk to people about
Twitter yes what do you think about
Twitter
[Music]
probably more of an instagramer hey guys
welcome to another episode of that
creative life where we explore topics or
highlight people and things just get
done right creative so today we are
talking about in my opinion the best
social media my favorite social media
outside of YouTube of course and that is
Twitter I feel like it's not the most
popular to the general public so I'm
going to try to prove to you the worse
of it talking about social media I want
to ask you what is your all-time
favorite one out of all of them you have
to pick one interesting what do you
think about Twitter my sister actually
use this letter often but I think letter
is said slash dying oh my gosh that
hurts me so you told me what you liked
about Twitter
oh you've been mainly to follow like new
sites so I find out a lot of news from
that you can only use one for the rest
of your life
definitely Instagram are you on Twitter
at all not really I have a handle but I
don't
why do you think that it I find it kind
of intimidating to be honest to like
write something that somebody would
actually want to read what is your
favorite social media Facebook what is
your second favorite social media
Instagram what is your third favorite
social I would say Twitter there we go
what are fantastic for several things
there is the breaking news it definitely
keeps you in the now what is going on
who is committing treason today all of
the current event and then there's some
means oh my gosh some means Twitter is
just downright funny you have dogs with
perfect hair some of your favorite
youtubers posting very beautiful selfies
just normal humans trying to get a
unlimited supply of Wendy's chicken
nugget just like Facebook is kind of a
conservative bubble I would equate
Twitter to the maybe liberal bubble
sometimes it can get a lot and very
overwhelming and there's just so many
here comes a thread which is where
people love to make points and very long
Twitter threads however I have actually
learned a lot of things and gained some
perspective through it but this is not
why I'm here this is why I'm not talking
about Twitter because of the breaking
news and the politics and the mean all
those things are great but I fall
Twitter the creative secret society for
a reason so I'm going to prove to you
guys through specific examples why the
creative community on Twitter is worth
it and then also explore the whole like
fan and celebrity relationship because
Twitter make no one untouchable just
recently SoundCloud laid off a ton of
people which was very unfortunate let
the employees took to Twitter and
literally just posted I'm a designer I'm
a developer just got laid off by
SoundCloud and I am in need of a job the
internet came together retweeted those
tweets people who worked at Spotify and
all these freezing companies and even
formed a Google Doc where employees
could go and put in their information as
well as companies it was one of those
I internet banding together moments and
all the top of jobs my friend Alex who
is a designer figured out about a
internship here in New York City for the
verge via a tweet one thing led to
another and his work is very beautifully
displayed on his socials and he got the
internship which leads me to the next
point of first impressions are
everything when it comes to not just
your Twitter profile but all of your
internet profiles now you might say
Sarah what what value is this to me if I
can only get say a hundred followers
honestly it's not about the followers
you have but how are you making your
first impression with your profile what
is your profile picture what is your
header image what is your pin tweet that
first we you have is it showing off your
work some good examples of super
creative people that I have gotten to
know via Twitter via the internet and
they both have below 500 followers is
Alex who I mentioned earlier but also
Izzy I was actually connected to her via
Twitter someone tagged her on a tweet
that I made they tagged her blog I
clicked on it and I was very impressed
then I went to her Twitter profile and I
was like dang this girl got aesthetic
down and we've hung out in New York and
we're friends it all started with
Twitter okay let's keep things movin so
when you have a Twitter something that
is very clutch when visiting a new city
is just tweet hey I'm in a new city who
are some creative and cool people that I
can connect with you put that out in the
world and people just start tagging and
then you'll start following people and
if you'll start DMing people and you
never know you just might meet your next
big collaborator or best friend via
Twitter that is how I met two amazing
designers who are now in real life
friends Dan petty and also to buy it
some more specific examples of how I
made my dreams come true via Twitter I
have a creative jockey series called
creative spaces TV when I was growing up
to shoot season three I was like I can't
step it up I got to step it up with the
people already have two seasons to prove
my worth as a filmmaker who can I reach
out to and honestly it just started with
everyday inter
adding and seeing the connections that I
could make the company of a that was
started with one of her morris
guitarists and kind of utility musicians
tweeted out a link to the studio of
Brandon Owens who was a audio engineer I
covered in my first season of creative
spaces TV I automatically was like wow
this is a fantastic opportunity to maybe
shoot a Korean spaces TV episode with
John Howard who is a guitarist that not
only plays in Paramore but many bands
that I listened to growing up so this
this was a big moment because I already
had that connection with a Brandon I
treated Brandon but also John and the
same tweet with what you would you like
to shoot an episode like this with me
and I linked in episode next thing you
know who are DMing we follow each other
and I wasn't shot at creative spaces
episode with John Howard upload the
episode tweeted it and get this one of
my heroes and life hayley williams the
lead singer of Paramore retweeted my
tweet Twitter also makes companies very
accessible I've honestly had some of the
best customer support via Twitter DM but
it has also proven to be a very
effective way to share content back in
the day when I had like 500 subscribers
on YouTube I made a video about my trip
to Greece I went on this trip via EF
College break it's like a travel tour
agency and I was so stoked on this video
I was so proud of it I tweeted the link
to him and then retweeted it and I got a
lot of love and honestly that made my
heart so happy I gained a few
subscribers got some great comments on
it and to me that was huge in the
beginning to have that recognition and
to have the thumbs up from the actual
company that I went on the trip with my
first viral video that kind of launched
me into mainstream YouTube was a parody
on kp9 set and at the very end of the
video I challenged my audience you know
my three thousand four thousand
subscribers tweet this video to KC use
the hashtag how to KC and oh my gosh it
popped
on twitter and if that isn't how kc saw
the video it definitely raised the
awareness like there is no way that he
didn't see all the tweets that people
were tweeting so it's a great place for
a call to action to get the attention of
bigger creators and sponsors whoever you
want to get the attention of fire
reality value rally vibro making things
go viral is something that is very
appealing to people who make content
because the more people's eyes on your
work the better the power of a retweet
is so strong all it takes is one funny
thought or maybe a piece of your artwork
like Alex to really pop off it's also
great to keep in touch with people who
you admire who maybe you had a small
encounter with but the casualness of
Twitter makes it easy to catch up with
this person or to just keep in touch a
good example of that is the dude Gary
Vaynerchuk I have the privilege to be on
the askgaryvee show over a year ago but
through twitter we have been able to
stay in touch and have some friendly
back-and-forth when it comes to talking
to celebrities twitter is where it's at
they check those mentions it doesn't
matter if it's Justin Bieber or it smell
a little youtuber like myself dimensions
are checked faces are seen words or read
recently I treated at post Malone it was
kind of like funny and me mesh and he
retweeted then follows me it was crazy
I love post Malone fun fact he went to
my high school and now I am fangirling
over ten retweeting and if you want to
hear more stories about that gap that is
so small and between the fan and the
celebrity I actually have a much bigger
conversation about this with Sam Shepard
I'm going to put the audio of it on my
anchor station and the next few days so
make sure to follow me on there
hopefully everything I've been talking
about makes you look at Twitter and a
different
maybe hopefully go be a twitter ninja
see who your creative friends are
talking to add the random people who
have common interests and you'll see a
small community form and then the next
thing you know your heroes are going to
be following you on Twitter and you're
going to be having casual conversations
and plotting collaborations of all sorts
think of Twitter as a job it's you
putting in those networking hours if you
still don't care about the networking
capabilities of the social media
platform Twitter the memes do it for the
meat thank you guys so much for watching
this video of course you should maybe
follow me on Twitter I mean keep the
conversation going over there let me
know if you like this video hit the
subscribe button down below for news
news every single week Monday through
Friday stay peachy okay
[Music]
you